added explanation for customFields #45 (#48)
snapADDY/snapaddy-mapping-doc: _posts/2021-03-03-customFields.md

permalink: custom-fields
category: general
---

> They can be used in an Excel import, when custom fields are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be used for Excel imports in DataQuality, when custom fields are needed.
```
